v2.0.0: This release is mostly a housekeeping release, an opportunity to provide
better implementations, performance and maintainability for a number of the 
internal processes that Preamble performs while running tests. Some new internal 
functionality has been added that will allow Preamble to operate and communicate 
with external processes, such as Karma. A breaking change was introduced to the 
layout in index.html, which was necessary to support in-line configuration.

    1) Restructured and reorganized code-base.

    2) Implemented on/off/emit. Using it internally to drive tests and will be 
    used in future releases for supporting Karma adapter and other external 
    processes that require additional adapters. Event handlers are called 
    asynchronously for improved performance.

    3) Improved the accuracy of the reported timing statistics by excluding the
    elapsed times that are due to the latency from overhead (all the code that 
    isn't specifically test related, such as latency incurred when transitioning 
    from one test life-cycle state to the next).

    4) Added in-line configuration support. Tests can now configure themselves 
    by including a call to either Preamble.configure or configure with a hash 
    of configuration options, which will override the default configuration as 
    well as any configuration options that may have been set if 
    preamble-config.js was used. *IMPORTANT - USING IN-LINE CONFIGURATION TO 
    OVERRIDE THE "windowGlobals" OPTION IS NOT SUPPORTED.

    5) Added showing stack traces for all failed assertions for all browsers 
    that publish either 'stack' or 'stacktrace' properties on thrown Error 
    objects.

    6) Added 'Hide Passed Groups' feature, including a "hidePassedGroups" 
    configuration property, which defaults to "false" and a check box to 
    override the configuration.

    7) Added outer wrapper div, id "preamble-ui-container", to index.html. Using
    it to wrap <div id="ui-test-container" class="ui-test-container">. This was 
    required in order to support in-line configuration (see #4, above). 
